Add Emscripten support (#1456)
pypa/cibuildwheel: docs/options.md

> Override the auto-detected target platform

Options: `auto` `linux` `macos` `windows` `pyodide`

Default: `auto`

`auto` will auto-detect platform using environment variables, such as `TRAVIS_OS_NAME`/`APPVEYOR`/`CIRCLECI`.

- For `linux`, you need [Docker or Podman](#container-engine) running, on Linux, macOS, or Windows.
- For `macos` and `windows`, you need to be running on the respective system, with a working compiler toolchain installed - Xcode Command Line tools for macOS, and MSVC for Windows.

> - For `pyodide` you need to be on an x86 linux and have both Python 3.10 and Python 3.11 installed.

Reviewer: [x86-64](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86-64) technically. x86 is 32 bit linux.

Author: Updated...

> - For `pyodide` you need to be on an x86-64 linux and have both Python 3.10 and Python 3.11 installed.

Reviewer 2: Why 3.10?

Author: Needs update.

> Override the auto-detected target platform

Options: `auto` `linux` `macos` `windows` `pyodide`

Default: `auto`

`auto` will build wheels for the current platform.

- For `linux`, you need [Docker or Podman](#container-engine) running, on Linux, macOS, or Windows.
- For `macos` and `windows`, you need to be running on the respective system, with a working compiler toolchain installed - Xcode Command Line tools for macOS, and MSVC for Windows.

> - For `pyodide` you need to be on an x86-64 linux runner and run cibuildwheel from Python 3.11.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For `pyodide` you need to be on an x86-64 linux runner and run cibuildwheel from Python 3.12.
```

> - For `pyodide` you need to be on an x86-64 linux runner and run cibuildwheel from Python 3.12.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- For `pyodide` you need to be on an x86-64 linux runner and `python3.12` must be available in `PATH`.
```

I did test on macOS arm64 using cibuildwheel running python 3.11.
I'm not sure we want to encourage using anything else than linux x86_64 for CI but it might be worth mentioning that local builds can be done on other platforms if some are really supported.
